Added custom floor selector guide (#35)
MapsPeople/documentation: sdks-and-frameworks/android/custom-floor-selector.md

# Custom Floor Selector

## How to implement a custom floor selector

> To implement a custom floor selector we expect you to already have a View with a Map using MapControl. Start by creating a class, in this example named; `CustomFloorSelector`. Extend the class with `FrameLayout` and implement `MPFloorSelectorInterface` as well as it's methods.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the section on setting up mapcontrol?

    ...

    init {
        mView = inflate(context, R.layout.custom_floor_selector, this)
        floorBtn = findViewById(R.id.custom_floor_selector_btn)

        floorBtn?.setOnClickListener { it ->
            val popup = PopupMenu(context, it)
            floorMap.values.forEach {
                popup.menu.add(0,it.floorIndex, it.floorIndex, it.displayName)
            }
            popup.show()
            popup.setOnMenuItemClickListener { menuItem ->
                val floor = floorMap[menuItem.itemId]
                floor?.let {
                    floorBtn?.text = it.displayName
                    mOnFloorSelectionChangedListener?.onFloorSelectionChanged(it)
                }
                popup.dismiss()
                return@setOnMenuItemClickListener true
            }
        }
    }

    override fun getView(): View? {
        return mView
    }

    override fun setSelectedFloor(floor: MPFloor) {
        mSelectedFloor = floor
        floorBtn?.text = floor.displayName
    }

    override fun setSelectedFloorByZIndex(zIndex: Int) {
        mSelectedFloor = floorMap[zIndex]
        floorBtn?.text = floorMap[zIndex]?.displayName
    }
}
```

> Now all that should be left is adding this view component to your layout containing the map and adding it to your `MPMapConfig` when creating `MapControl`. Here is an example layout where the floor selector is added to a layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now all that is left is adding this view component to your layout containing the map and adding it to your `MPMapConfig` when creating `MapControl`. Here is an example layout where the floor selector is added to a layout.
```

<androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"
    xmlns:app="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res-auto"
    xmlns:tools="http://schemas.android.com/tools"
    android:layout_width="match_parent"
    android:layout_height="match_parent">
    <androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView
        android:id="@+id/map_fragment"
        android:name="com.mapsindoors.testapp.MapFragment"
        android:layout_width="match_parent"
        android:layout_height="match_parent"/>
    <com.mapsindoors.testapp.CustomFloorSelector
        android:id="@+id/custom_floor_selector"
        android:layout_width="wrap_content"
        android:layout_height="wrap_content"/>
</androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout>
```

```kotlin
fun initMapControl() {
    floorSelector = findViewById(R.id.custom_floor_selector)
    val mapConfig = MPMapConfig.Builder(
            requireActivity(),
            mMap,
            mMapView,
            getString(R.string.mapbox_api_key),
            true).setFloorSelector(floorSelector).build()
    MapControl.create(mapConfig) { mapControl: MapControl?, miError: MIError? ->
    }
}
```

> There we go, you should now have succesfully implemented a custom floor selector into your own app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There we go, you have now successfully implemented a custom floor selector into your own app.
```
